hello friends good night we are here in chile and in
official mission and as we already announced our third league we have changing the
time for 7 pm no more 8 30 the request is exactly from you here at
my right I usually clay our spokesman
already the goalkeeper the head of the national cabinet
here our beloved deputy helium is the most voted federal deputy from rio de
January
according to the Brazilian press in the ranks of the military because he is captain of the
army formed by the military academy of the black needles in my general mood
here obviously he was selected for his baggage of military knowledge
denied little more is for sure he will talk little about the life of
professional trainer and two very important subjects at the moment is the day
teaching of tauá down syndrome is and is not the disease
the technical time the corner is chromosome 21 trisomy
so why March 21 promotion pace 2013 went up 3 so I chose
March 21st as May 21st as well as the new hero ronaldinho
gaucho a lot of joy in the last one in the last cup
so everybody that confuses me to all tastes thanks a lot for you
really our facebook has an acceptance is new this thing I have not seen
no negative comments there and I am very happy with that there
yesterday we had a tragedy in the world
cyclone seems to have led hundreds of people to
death in addition to destroying much of it is the one let's say to the president he
use we carry out a situation of them we make available immediately
recognized heads said they also took all when away to do any
question that passing before passing also on the African continent was
sensitized with our phone somebody say something to do nothing
wanna remember shock we had a peace mission in that country in the 90's
last century and it was where we started the transformation a lot
substantial taking with it extreme professionalism from our
forces and pays net in poison which is an icon in the peacekeepers as first
commander is the commanding general of minustah
there in haiti well just arrived in the united states it was a very
profitable we were received very well the government
North American private meeting with him is going to come in and it was your ideas of
marina, the municipality decided to invite its son eduardo because the son
I will invite you and a reference to that country so that the meeting of some
reservation issues were from the cup the peace in life flag said I went in there
was serving to discredit our health chancellor school floor
brand guard already knew that he was not only there, he worked in the region
lepa could take immediate solution just select has nothing to do
I always take care of the evil in question, so it is something that
was doing something abnormal going over the agenda but still
I have part of the media here as well as on Sunday
morning a schedule that would have worked out the day before
the company arrived and wondered how long it will be on Sunday on Monday
famous fair visit american there in the headline a company in brazil is that we
it was already discredited to visit Syria before visiting the
ingenuity has nothing to do with this technology this has no foundation to
me is direct advisor to the president president is the main client of ami
so he has been there every day close to him and he will visit me is an activity and
will be very well received but it doesn’t have the importance they wanted to give because the
he belongs to me he is the big customer of
information exchange
eduardo shopping and a barbecue hat is a gay european robot not me
invited ok you are right now they have the right to pass the rain since the elaboration of
may not interest anyone, the girl will know how the dog that already
happened to me I had a hot dog or button on a trip around Brazil
when I was away it would be more opportune for azulay time correction
with watering the trip was spectacular we signed the
marks some agreements for example of the launch center of alcântara
look this agreement has been around for almost 20 years you know what to do in the world that
it will actually happen the government of the left it if it prefers to make a deal
with ukraine i believe i was fine as to
russia later has a problem and this agreement didn’t go ahead with
cane invest in the case another 1 billion reais to sadia that was lost and now
the opportunity arose so what do we do something like it too
we can launch material right from other countries not just from the state I don't agree
it was perfect all possible problems were taken away and now we depend
here basically the chamber's foreign affairs commissions and also
of the federal senate is for us to re-enter if we don’t put
to run alcantara base and we have a great time and I really always
enjoy one more thing with regard to today we have a problem we are still in
ways of resolving the cohesion of the community that praised this issue also injury
the surgeon more things and we want to offer quilombolas a job there
that I used to sing time with her work now that area is oversized
and problems appear and some already speak up to us not
we agree with that right and send it to another place the base is the pipe until difficult
the quilombola issue we all have to gain from the base
functioning of the Alcântara launch center were the
quilombolas also Brazil and the world also if the thing doesn’t like the laughter
everything is to give some fear about vivian have been questioned a lot in the
event the question of our country's sovereignty over the space center of
alcântara just as the team started to win
that region and use a metaphor is as follows you have an apartment you
rent an apartment to someone you own the apartment and when you
you can ask the person who rented the apartment to do a
inspection of the apartment so absolutely no demand
about the sovereignty of brazil in this matter another idea is also that we
we need to take advantage of the moment that exists in the global launching scope
of satellites that soon this space is occupied and that point that is
exceptional only point of view is lower cost location
will not allow us to use earning financial dividends or dividends
technological safeguard agreements
technological developments that have been in view from the point of view our inflated treats
exactly that is so big is a big step that we take in
direction to position itself in the spatial scope with
the alcântara space center another issue on the agenda she was the possibility
Brazil being part of a select group is a great ally for this NATO, which comes to
be that there is the demand for a top are treated north look at the countries in one of
stores are part of this self-defense group, that is, with the country for
fortunately the countries are attacked unfairly is that act an aggression to
himself and soon after he said that more than that I don't even want to put it on the altar
even he intends to modify the statute not so much to lead to the appreciation of the
other partners for brazil to have effectively in this nato circle is
this is really important for us and we need to stop this
history of everything you try to do in terms of agreement whether commercial or
scientific agreement is economic agreement in the united states it always seems that we
we are giving up our sovereignty it is silly it is only a mongrel complex
our students visit already 23 visits with the present season like the book in
different functions than the one I have today is the nani who has been following
this visit regularly the treatment that was given to the Brazilian delegation
this time it was completely different, even the friendliness was surprising
reception of the present throne and also there what was advanced in the kilo was
talked to the state in which there was this series of relevant issues that
had equal treatment does not stop with this story of finding
anything that happens in the united states includes about it and I don't know that
has nothing of total leisure jewelry with absolute exemption
our visit and praise all that we can do in agreement
in addition to agreement is not even partnerships and other issues were
placed at the table in a verbal manner so that in the future we can better treat
matters that interest ours I can take the company gives inside the edno
he is also a member of the foreign affairs and national defense commission of
chamber that is not the focus of our conscious vote for brazil
on these issues another song that some talked about here in Brazil there are others
agreeing is a visa waiver agreement there is no reciprocity
so at first you learn yes so the american can go they react
business where tourism is exempt from visas due to a criticism of the press that would leave
to raise in this difficult position all 60 million reais per year
but certainly with the flow of people it was very big here with all
certainty in the visa exemption for tourism and business
they’ll leave billions in here who conquered lose a lot and holy -
I promise I lost the difficult election and I arrested him quietly after he signaled
the possibility for a group of Brazilians to start it also the exemption
visa at first I understand that this is very welcome and if the thing
on visa exemption students came to see if this is the visa issue
is another thing that is quite clear is it is the countries that interest us
the visa exemption because they will bring tourism fruits is a 'gift' of the campaign o
tourism is necessarily and necessarily a source of income
inexhaustible some countries in the world practically live from cross tourism
spain was when he sang drug isn't it
inconceivable that a country with the beauties of brazil has naturals with potential
has in the political area that we do not have the attitude to improve the
situation of the president tourism environment always showing up and we need to put
not even improve our public safety, even to include it in Brazil
that traditional is one of those kroes in guinea that will criticize that demanded
counterpart I don't think that way and people have a different view we
we are together in this culture I have never seen any American he
worked another touch of labor guarantee in the organism
the people there without any guarantee without any clt work happier here
with more security and everything else that brings us closer to countries that the subject
so we have a decree recently signed here about new ones to hire and the
commissioned we ended up being able to sing this year 20 thousand
cars there is a commitment we saw 21 thousand
and here on my side vagner used by the minister in whatever is going to talk about
this decree is going to hire those famous Brazilian commissioners
10 the week trust post the president signed decree 9 727 a
decree that brings book criteria for the occupation of administration positions
public the decree that he has an old man is very
important for both preventing corruption and improving management
public logically decree he brings is criteria
linked to more moral aspects of the past that person then the
person may be involved in either case
provided for in the clean sheet law already has a reputation for bars are the criteria
general and then we have specific criteria that they increase from
degradation according to the moment in the car that does not rule out the criteria of the dance
2 or 3 after a wave of those four and then with 10 5 and 6 we have
sure that this measure is very important and will improve the delivery of
delivery as they want to do the citizen and this is going to be a big step for the
increasing professionalization of good bidding to avoid
we caught hundreds and penalized people who even he didn’t believe
and there are so many people that you stay if you don't have the lawsuit against the business
absurd the disregard for these positions will be filled in brasília whether it is called
for the federal government some state companies is
the only tragedy of him leaving the present in the modified decree afterwards and generated is
only this obligation to comply with the decision, including those nominated to
from his input since the first one so let's go all the courses
are preparing documentation for all appointments will be used and
those who do not meet the requirements are out of the wind and we are going to put the governments
previous ones up there the squid back there squid dilma and so many others
take advantage that since the routine also collects is that you will use this
doing here he called the chief minister of da ceja the
took advantage of arriving had already scheduled even the president returns on saturday
i stay with millions the second time it was the second he must sign a
agreement with the general secretary of the presidency of the republic of chile which is
responsible in an area responsible for the country and corruption transparency arc
we are all going to sign an information exchange agreement from the Chilean government
pass a complete system that they developed which is a base of the contour
the agenda for the regulation of the lobby is not going so let's take this material
all over Brazil and there will be an exchange of information with all the scenarios of
corruption and transparency and control and I am sure that the partnership with the
best practices from both brazil and chico s
with this exchange of information exchange that we are going to do the two countries have
a lot of land our presence here is also justified here we go only
organism could breathe treated various subjects and prepare the environment in the
ground for an entourage our economy visit chile chile the folks here
of the work so that we can deepen our
our budget is commercial here is also another head of state should
present everything is all right so that in argentina colombia ecuador paraguay
peru be here head of state on the issue of unasur which is the fancy name
in the sheet of são paulo it was not just the ball to want a group created
in the 90s with several different actors here in south america squid to treat
of what is that big deal that countries before left entity as
for example the FARC terrorist group was also part of that group, the band
space at that moment is also a beach so it’s the two countries and helping each other
so that all of them could one day reach the presidency and transform the
south america ac in the great bolivarian homeland of brazil and venezuela grande
an institutional relationship seeking to worsen
you can't understand it is an institution that is looking to improve the countries of the
south america until it reaches the level of cuba and venezuela
so I'm going to put an end to the subject that has always been the fantasy name
from são paulo maybe create what would be next unfortunate there an entity
that is not that the financial contribution to anyone
differently here at unasur and the important thing is that we have a cause of
pravaler democracy differently from that of unasur
whoever can buy pepe mujica's book the former president of power in 1981 was the
plot that brazil and uruguay of summer to remove the paraguayan from the mercosur
maybe she can sit and he says of the water there and dilma rousseff was taking
state decisions within the palace of the plateau
listening to the Cuban intelligences and venice nothing I am here already in the second book
advised by abin to what point brazil was coming
for a similar regime in venezuela then a miracle is known or it is also the
ankle to milena ramos and there are a lot of people who say they know everything a lot
important in politics with financial resources television time is certain
we achieved the victory above even where electronics that in the streets
project beforehand that the regions can actually be edited in the gold that this
now also there would be no way to help if I think one just remember that we had
a lot of people back a lot following it would be very difficult to cheat on top
we didn’t get there is so great that my condition as a god putting people
good competent relative to be able to exist a job when he passed away in
2000 the same year and in the other preventive form being arrested because that
person is basically by the way of seeking governance is very common
in some states in some city halls if you do the same thing the head of the
executive speaking about the president of airvo no
offers petrobras he goes down extra bank of brazil tais and
ministries in exchange for support what happens in the future develop now
authorities arrests in addition to state inefficiency and corruption
part of the genetic company of the blow he is not listening to parliament
in fact I would like the plan to say whatever what I have to
do for governance you will talk to parliamentarians from
to start I believe that most of them are in agreement with the
our proposal is to say if someone has a floor it is better than the knee in the
design and athletic it was better that you are going to use it to be also better than the
our tarcísio that the presence captain well done he is tendered from the chamber
federal deputy was born exactly she improves square is is teresa analyst
cristina is not a compliment from germany on traffic day that day
in sign that I was on the right path complemented by cristina who on the day of
yesterday through milligan was revoked two normative instructions that allowed
brazil importing bands from ecuador since 2014 visited mother joana 10 thousand t
love whose phytosanitary inspection was done with ecuador and walked 10,000 km
channel for walking is a position and climbing the mountain
it is difficult to understand for example there is a concern in a competitive way
only the people in the valley of the ribeira and culture of brazil
this Tuesday the problems and the banana fruit in the black sigatoka den
it seems like all the problems it was difficult for us to get out was made from
thing in the dilma rousseff government lacked respect when we go to get
making partnerships in other areas but there were people it was really difficult
understand this is just more mattered nanas that way the equator well come
here it was massacred today on tv globe the fans of approval i said in the first
mandate of former Indian hawks president i want to tell all of you that decides to
training has the same credibility as the electoral polls
remember that last year merit talked about the map i would lose all
world jumped 20 years accompanies learning a lot and is 100% there is to discuss
is an important topic in parliament I'm talking about because he knows that now
has a lot of output
the luck is that i can believe in songs the head recalls without
discrimination without you have two cows well trained and georgia the proposal
of the military's welfare I said that time there and then the
black rodrigo maia said the same thing right
have to take into account not only was it presented now
but what was also showing his government
the hatter of fernando henrique cardoso and saw a provisional measure that the number
10 currently there are 22 15 today is not an agent was December 2000 when
world has nothing to do but lnt 2215 that withdrew all military rights but he
all the military and even more at that time a discussion was being
pension plan similar to those that happened was to approve just one measure
provisional some military the rest will be out
it will not take into account and make a serious analysis of what has been proposed now
have to take into account also to present in 2000 that was not voted until today
can speak but he was not found today he is a counselor to mindu million
changed the way in which measures were taken in the victory even Jorge and from that
At the moment the measure the previous companies are frozen and they would be in
effective until congress the vote as the federal government
if I cover remove the animal was invented delivered almost half the year
past if we need that power for us
in this provisional measure so far the 300% to vote for all of them
we can be irresponsible to that point but take into account that it was that we lost
but still fighting for rights here, article 71 of the population talks about rights
the time here we do not want to deal with this matter the
your loved ones is something very special that has a value
huge for democracy - I think it is wrong that guarantees the dictatorship
are from the armed forces of 2000 generals who managed to promote in which they are
fully committed to the country and urged Saturday
unfortunately can't get out of this situation
about the feeling that is happening
particularly i think it would be welcome but there is the impact is not a
information but created is not in the circle of
the virus with great force is the participation of all of us is a gift
everybody here - found the will use the conclusion that had to be withdrawn and
he is still under study who knows the future is if there is really interest
of the force and after the war it took after the information to be well worked in the
ahead of us to present the proposal to create the figure of nos
helped the participation of the ego a lot, it was also important, thus giving its
opinion in a very modest way on the issue of reforming the proposed
pension reform has already been called upon to say something personal put exactly
the essential points i would like to reinforce that society
armed forces have hierarchy and discipline as their parameter, and then the one that always
need to be all the time so thought of any other issues and it was
this is the one that disciplines from the orientation of the leadership of the
our president made it very clear that any decision of mine and I use any
military didn't take it alone until I can get it wrong
you have to be responsible, it is obvious that you wait longer you may find that the table
with a great importance ok but the importance of the newest venice
that deals with the family thing, human rights and I talk a lot with her
doing exceptional work there in your ministry will use the same
anything any of that when it will have started by tarcísio structure
the conclusion of br 163 in pará passed the carnival there i went there to see what is
happening in the first 40 when the cbboxe was never mugged is a
conversion combo that uses the fernando defense is ending the chut the month of
May cause of rain the army will come with everything there to miss it and if
this little want help has a lot of this to what is produced there in the west center
our job is this is to talk and I would come to the conclusion that we can be
done everything developed to be able to do everything will be done
logically you know we're broken right is ours is a debt
44 trillion reais of rain range I for years living in a small
male the one who rebuilt europe after the second world war
we have the problem of the swelling of seducing a place i can speak for the government
federal government in many states that have municipal programs that also have
problems and from there it comes to pension reform and the
fund I would not like to do a pension but if I did I would be
being and acting irresponsibly and on Sunday 21 and 22 Brazil will stop if the
end of this reform unfortunately this is approved once
approved in a way that will help all of Brazil it will charge - who earns less
the more he earns the more he will perform until the fame of the social security will give a suitcase
very good in this matter and continuous act is as agreed with paulo guedes the
rondon's idea is an excellent team of economists being taken will
accelerating possession was the first that is god by organization is to have the weight of
been on top of those who produce is doing everything possible to leave street ecology here
freely these are two squares which is difficult is
patron brazil is this project is the boss is more difficult
if you take this then this car has no right none of us have we are already
in the fourth social revolution increasingly demands more in intellectual training and will
get the job and our education is going badly I don't want it dead or the problem is resolved
education issue but we are doing what we can with the parable hello friends
you can be sure that we will run the vote of confidence with brazil for real
with this right psd let's put brazil on the right track
thank you all so much for dinner now the lawyer starts again elisângela will speak
also on pension reform is not pension reform is a new
social security, as Paulo guedes has insisted, those who have already
any witness's speech the seriousness because it was planned
I would like to make a patriotic appeal to parliamentarians
and that part of the press that you’ve always criticized takes over the exchange of
favors that from now on make an examination of European conscience to publish
news without comments comment the need not to help
this concept in Brazil this is something that we have almost common is cultural
we have an obligation to change that the press can help a lot
need to act patriotic mind showing what is happening for this exchange
of favors taken in case we don't go back to ours we got there
relevant information at the congress we will take advantage and we will make a new
presidency that is the big step for a new brazil
thank you very much everyone a good night and until thursday of next week